!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
FWD	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    FWD$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
GET_POS	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    GET_POS,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
GET_TEMP	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    GET_TEMP,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
GYRO	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    GYRO,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
InsectID	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned int InsectID;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
NodeId	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    uint8_t NodeId;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
POS_INFO	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    POS_INFO,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
SET_POS	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    SET_POS,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
TEMP	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    TEMP,$/;"	e	enum:msgType_e
data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payload	access:public
data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payload_r	access:public
gyroMsg	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct gyroMsg {$/;"	s
gyroMsg::x	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    float x;$/;"	m	struct:gyroMsg	access:public
latitude	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long latitude;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
longitude	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long longitude;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
motorMsg	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct motorMsg {$/;"	s
motorMsg::motorState_e	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    motorState_e;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
motorMsg::state	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char state;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
motorMsg::state	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    motorState_e state;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
motorState_e	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    motorState_e;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
msgType_e	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^enum msgType_e {$/;"	g
payload	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct payload {$/;"	s
payload::data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payload	access:public
payload::type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char type;$/;"	m	struct:payload	access:public
payloadMsg	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct payloadMsg {$/;"	s
payloadMsg::NodeId	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    uint8_t NodeId;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
payloadMsg::data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
payloadMsg::type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char type;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
payloadMsg::type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    msgType_e type;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
payload_r	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct payload_r {$/;"	s
payload_r::data	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char data[32];$/;"	m	struct:payload_r	access:public
payload_r::type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char type;$/;"	m	struct:payload_r	access:public
payload_t	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct payload_t {$/;"	s
payload_t::InsectID	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned int InsectID;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
payload_t::latitude	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long latitude;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
payload_t::longitude	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long longitude;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
payload_t::temperature	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long temperature;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
state	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char state;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
state	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    motorState_e state;$/;"	m	struct:motorMsg	access:public
temp	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    float temp;$/;"	m	struct:tempMsg	access:public
tempMsg	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^struct tempMsg {$/;"	s
tempMsg::temp	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    float temp;$/;"	m	struct:tempMsg	access:public
temperature	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  unsigned long temperature;$/;"	m	struct:payload_t	access:public
type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    char type;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    msgType_e type;$/;"	m	struct:payloadMsg	access:public
type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char type;$/;"	m	struct:payload	access:public
type	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^  char type;$/;"	m	struct:payload_r	access:public
x	/Users/gpotter/capstone/src/ArduinoCode/libraries/CommsToolbox/CommsToolbox.h	/^    float x;$/;"	m	struct:gyroMsg	access:public
